Dear Recruiter,


 Please find the attached Resume & Cover Letter.   

I wish to apply for the position of {} Engineer. I believe that I can excel your expectations and work to your satisfaction in this field. I have more than 5 years of experience overall, I worked as an Electrical and Electronics Engineer focusing on the ELV systems such as;

1. Power supplies Design
2. Building Management Systems (BMS) 
3. Power indicator circuits design
4. Lightning Protection, Access control
5. Time Attendance Maintenance
6. CCTV and burglar alarms systems.

I have successfully BEng (Hons) in Electrical and Electronics Engineering from the University of Sunderland, UK. I have nearly 5 years of experience overall in the field and done extensive remote technical assistance and end user support. I believe that I can motivate and delegate my team without micromanaging them.I am confident in my skills as an Electrical Engineer, I believe I have a vast theoretical and practical experience in the field.

Research and Solution design Experience relevant to your needs:

Controllers and Microprocessors (for automation)
1. Raspberry Pi(QLC DMX and sound controls with image processing)
2. Jetson Nano
3. Arduino(DMX light controls and automation)
4. PIC
5. PLC(For large and industrial automation)
6. Teensy

Signal Processing and Programming
1. MATLAB(Face Detection, signal processing,etc)
2. Python, ArduinoStudio
3. C, C++
4. HTML, PHP
5. Tensorflow(Machine learning), Darknet(Object Detection), OpenCV(Image Processing)

Project Delegation and management:

1. I have experience in handling major government projects
2. Have handled installation and commissioning
3. Have more than 5 years experience in the field.
4. Schedule preventative and corrective maintenance.
5. Delegation and remote troubleshooting.
6. Basic knowledge Kahramaa and MOI-SSD regulations.

I have extensive experience in undertaking developmental projects and quite capable to handle projects from feasibility stage to commissioning.

Please be kind enough to take a look at my resume. I am confident that I would be able to convince you of my capacity to handle this position efficiently and be a suitable candidate for your reputable company if granted an opportunity for an interview. Hope to hear back from you soon. 

N.B: If you require any further information or clarification, please feel free to contact me at any time.

Status:- Available to Join immediately with Transferable visa and NOC.
E-mail:- azhaarm9494@gmail.com
Mobile No:- 33773696 (Mobile & Whats app) -- 